well howdy there Internet people its
bubble gallon so today we're gonna go
over the new stuff do a little update a
follow up is it has been a while a few
days and a while week really you know I
made that initial video my analysis and
I was very cautious very restrained very
conservative with what I said because I
assumed that the people that would be in
the decision-making process up there
would see the same thing I saw because
to me it was so evident I even convinced
myself because I am incredibly naive
what's up that that's what the holdup
was that's why they didn't move right
away you know that's why I didn't go and
go and pick him up right then because
they were they were getting their ducks
in a row for real charges
and you know in that video I listed four
things I said that I thought it was
worse than what everybody else was
saying and a list of four things that I
thought would help establish that it was
worse three of them have now been
reported to be true brief and has it
drug on and nothing happened
sitting here thing a man y'all kinda
understanding you want to have this
stuff together but you got a hurry
you understand stuffs on fire right you
know and then this morning I saw you
know he's arrested I didn't have to look
at the charge because I knew what the
charge was you know good and then I saw
the charge man and third degree why
don't you let the city burn could have
charged that on day one that seems
pretty clear from the video from the
initial video seems pretty clear
that could been charged on day one see
intent that was the question
intent I'd like to take this moment to
point out that so far at this moment
they have released exactly zero evidence
regarding mr. Floyd's intent to pass
votes no none and that was one of them
not the right guy you know the other
being uh something in the officers
history like a giant history of
complaints or possible interaction
between the two like them working at the
same club the routes to prove intent
they exist there their prosecution final
they can do it but instead man and
murder three
and I know there's some people saying
that that's just easier they're gonna be
easy it's gonna be easier for them to
convict on that it's gonna be easier for
them to get that done and he's gonna get
25 years no he will not no he will not
that's the maximum that is the maximum
you do not get the maximum for your
first offense as a cop he's a public
servant
he just made a mistake it was an
accident so what's gonna be said at his
sentencing and no doubt they will find
some way to disallow his history I do
not believe these are the right charges
I do not believe these are the right
charges I understand you fight the
fights you can win but sometimes you
have to fight the fights that need
fighting and right now the country needs
this the country needs this
we have an economy in shambles we have a
hundred thousand gone due to inaction we
have reporters getting arrested on the
street while the president rambles on
about his free speech on twitter and him
egging it on up there we have a city in
flames we have a broken justice system
I really hope that America is great now
because I don't think I could stand for
it to get much greater anyway it's just
a thought
now have a good day